What is the name of your city terno like Chernivtsi Chernivtsi no terno And then like [music] ternivtsi simple Hello I’m from the city of Khmelnitsky Where are you from And Crimea Kirich And whose Crimea Well, I don’t know how, if you think about it, I go outside to the ATM and go probably Russian Well, to me it’s just that you see the Russians have a different opinion, all the Russians are answering me today that Crimea is the Crimean people, no one is saying that the Crimea is Russian. But they are already saying that they have already started saying that the Crimea is the Crimean people, something happened to them now the Crimea is the Crimean people, can you imagine when this happened I don’t know, it’s unclear today Today, but this is today, yes, today None of the Russians will say that Crimea is Russian, everyone says Crimea Crimea, but it’s clear today a mass mass such and such, yes yes yes something happened Clearly Yes, but what Where are you from, exactly, are you from Crimea Kerch Kerch Kerch and Kerch whose kercha Crimea Crimea Crimeans Kerch kichan Well cool yes yes yes yes Let's make a pun now yes yes Dzhanka Dzhanka Chan watch And you now And you are now writing on the stream now Stream Yes now Stream I'm going to have a blast on the stream it's you in Kirchi this ship was blown up there Yes, I don’t know, you don’t know, no, they don’t tell us that here, because it’s like you’re lifting it yourself, you understand. Well, you didn’t see that there was an explosion, you didn’t hear, No, we didn’t listen, we saw, but we didn’t listen, Yes, I understood, but you read that arrivals to Sevastopol Well, there are arrivals in many places and in Belgorod arrivals Well, it’s more interesting for you that in Belgorod they agree and many, many where IT and in Rostov 44, in my opinion, look here, here you go But look, Look in Rostov 44 BP In my opinion yes, yes, a lot of question, look like you as a resident of Crimea Kirchi as you are now watching, for example that Ukraine can attack both Belgorod and Rostov and so further and the most basic that Russia has left Kherson, although it announced it with its referendum, you admit the possibility the fact that Russia can leave Crimea Well, I don’t allow Russia to leave Crimea, but Yes, in Kherson, yes, well, this happens, yes, yes Well, in Kherson, too, there were billboards of Russia, the administration and referendum are here forever, Well, Russia will always be there, yes, well, so look Yes, they included Kherson in the Constitution just like Crimea, that is, Kherson is no different from Crimea as a subject of the Russian Federation in your opinion. Yes, but they left. That is, you still, I’ll look in your eyes, you allow such a situation that under some then in certain situations NATO will intervene there, or Russia will also leave Crimea, maybe this could happen No And why, in the sense of why Well, the Constitution is spelled out and hn in the Constitution Kherson is also in the Constitution, damn Andrey, you are so caring in general, damn in general yes Well, I just can’t understand Kherson in the Constitution and left. So it turns out they can leave Crimea. Crimea, what’s in the Constitution? No, it’s just different, different, these circumstances are different, yes the difference is different, but the Constitution is the same, the Constitution doesn’t say that if with some difference you can you can’t leave but for some reason it’s not possible, well, it’s written so in the constitution, but everything is yes Yes, it’s just that Crimea is spelled out in our Constitution, too. I understand that, well, our state Well, but but you understand that it will still be there, well, we don’t know here this is now You know, the French are also preparing something macron in Odessa Yes, I don’t know Well, you saw Sevastopol being bombed with missiles Andrey Andrey Do you think that now there are such statements that Iran will respond to Well, the question is Iran, that Iran will respond to this chickpeas everything has already passed, how many days and still no answer, there’s a rally No no, please comment, I think that Ira will just be shorter and they’ll just talk, they’ll talk everything Well, they’ve already talked and that’s it And it’s already like, look, they seem to say that’s how If only their Ramadan is ending and Ramadan is already over, no Or when it ends You see, you don’t know and tomorrow it ends in short, let’s have a look, yes, let’s have a look And while Ramadan is going on, let’s talk like, after all, with Crimea, look, British French missiles are just they're pounding around Sevastopol like nuts You saw it's true headquarters Well It was like that It was like that Yes Russian NATO ships are being sunk by drones just like some ducks Yes it was like that Well look it happened before Yes it was shaved but it's not Ukrainian After all it didn't matter Well what the difference doesn’t matter It’s just that it’s important yes it’s not Ukrainian it’s British British missiles yes British yes We don’t produce missiles it’s all British missiles Well, what difference does it make to me, watch me when I watch the video How the headquarters of the Black Sea Fleet is formed, it doesn’t matter whether it’s British or Ukrainian missile and now you saw the same thing as an escalation. How it develops. That’s how we’ll see what escalation of the conflict this is. What escalation in my opinion. On the contrary in the first days. That was the escalation. When Russia attacked and now. Of course no Well look there was an escalation there the capital was surrounded like they were bombing like Kyiv on all sides there were troops Naki Kharkov region mind Stop what they were bombing there from all sides yes seriously stop yes stop Yes from Tobolsk Pere we just went there for a ride the guys got lost yes Yeah yes with that tyna 000 there, in my opinion, yes And now look, and now And now Ukraine is stupidly taking out oil refineries on the territory of Russia with drones, and yes, it’s taking out the Ukrainian drone, it’s taking out Well, the main thing is, take it out. That’s why you’re saying that. You’re distorting everything, look. So what difference does it make whose drone it’s taking out? Well, there’s a big difference, look Andrey, if they’ll tell you all this for this, everything, everything, everything, if they say everything, everything, but they don’t say it yet and we’re bombing with drones Well, yes, yes, yes, that is, look for me, honestly, for me as a viewer of this content, I think Damn, when a drone flies in and shuts down your oil refinery Yes, for a bunch of months, I honestly don’t care whose drone it is, even if it’s North Korean, it’s not good, but in this Ku Hol City, what can you say about it, I think that the enemy of the Taliban, ISIS, tried very hard because Russia is with Tajiban with terrorist with terrorist organization Taliban vet relations ISIS Haran and velayat Kharan Tajiks decided to start a liberation movement Yes, I understood your opinion personally I’m asking your opinion personally Well, it’s good for us to benefit us for Lely Tajiks and what is it there your curators said I listened to this a long time ago, how interesting it was, my curators What my curators told you Well, what you said before is interesting to me I personally am interested in your opinion, I understand my opinion Work brothers Well, yes, yes, that is, I’m also the same in general, I’m very big Yes, I’ve developed a little since then, but since the second year there’s just some kind of surge and I’ll say more, our people have somehow gone wild, I tried to stop being, yes, I say, yes, I say that look, we should be sorry, yes They are not to blame They’re just like that, and people almost beat me up, they say, look at how they’re bombing us And so on Yes, they’ve become wild, wild, I don’t know why a damn rocket is flying into their yard Yes, and I say that let’s be angry at the Russians And they are like that No, they are not guilty Well, like, it’s just a rocket But so yes, yes, even, and by the way, My name is Andrey, your name is And my name is Seryoga, Seryoga, you’re from Kirov Yes, I’m from Kirov What are you saying? You’re from Kirch Well, well, I looked, I looked okay Well, you see, look, Sergei Shibanov, you’re not from Kirch, dadada dadada, that’s how I am, that’s how you are, so I don’t know Andryukha. What do you think? I have a question about how this will all end, so I have the most important question, look now everything is already clear, yes, the defeat of the Russian Federation will be the only question is the amount of reparations. But what will all this look like? Well, I think yes, I think, look, I think that Putin’s own either or in some other way his yes or they’ll even extradite him to Gaga and blame him for everything that it was him Yes, we’re ready Andrey, look, I probably asked the wrong question. This is your manual. Yes, the manual didn’t work; it’s not the method if it’s like this. What are we going to do in the next 20 years from now? you are fenced off like, well, that is, entry for citizens of the Russian Federation only on visas, and then in certain types of situations certain persons will be allowed Russia will be divided into sectors of influence control of Britain France Germany USA and South Korea with Japan there will be strict control of the territories controlled by the Soviet Union there will be agreements were signed in the union So these uh Yekaterinburg agreements will be signed Yes, in the Sverdlovsk region just like that, approximately in the center of Russia they will gather and sign the termination of the uh Russian Federation as a single geopolitical entity just like Yeltsin Shushkevich and Kravchuk once signed so the Far Eastern will be created Republic Siberian Republic Caucasian Confederation Republic Idel Ural e Bashkartastan Independent Mariel and there is a lot of God there are many in the Volga region republics uh St. Petersburg will be separated into a separate region of Ingermanland separately from Moscow uh along Ukraine and Belarus there will be uh sanitary zone in the form of uh different quasi-republics like Belgorod People's Republic Kurdish People's Republic And so on Moscow will remain within the borders of 1217 Nevermind, you taught for a long time Yes, let's do it Greetings Russian chat roll like it here no like it's not Russian but Skype the author is who also Skype is not Russian Skype Skype Estonian I understand That's exactly the same chat roulette is called roulette in Russian because the Russian game was in the revolver, you lay out one bullet, spin the drum and then put it on and press the chicken if the bullet hits, then you are gone. This is roulette because it is Russian because the schoolboy Andryusha, what is his last name, terno Andryusha is similar to this city like what is the name of your city of terna like Chernivtsi Chernivtsi no terno And then as is terni no no I say t letter ter Novograd is no no ter ter Western This is te ter kolaev e ter desa not the simplest these are some rare names And this city it's called Ternava Frankovsk Ternava Frankovsk is yes Ternava Frankovsk is So go Chernivtsi so Chernitsky is Chernivtsi - this is h I say the letter Tolya t t rno Ta da Novograd Yes no know Ukraine Well, I’m reading you ours on Tern all the words wait wait terno rizh heartbreaking story was straight through the thorns to the stars from Astra everything is in short n google Ternopil Ternopil Ternopil you won a car the correct answer Ternopil Andryusha Andryusha surname [laughter] No, don’t laugh, you have to be naked, thea will have a heart attack, a heart attack, let’s go well on Google Andry, good city of Ternopil And what kind of Andryusha was No just author author chat roll which Which author Ternopil chatru author Chernovitsky what's his name Andryusha which No I say write author not You tell you tell which which Andryusha on Ternop can grandfather in short for d for two Andrey Ternovsky Here is his faternovsky e Andrey Ternovsky so because because that by analogy with the city then I remember Ternopil, and this is also Andrey Ternovsky, that he, well, in the ninth year, he called schoolchildren a lot via Skype and then to his friends in different countries and then it occurred to him and in 2 days he made a program and And where does he live now this is Andrenovsky, where he lives now, he studied two languages, Chinese and English, he wanted to go to China, but then it just happened that a good offer for this very thing started on roulette and he first went to America. Well, all the time his father is a teacher and he asked all the time they called you Sokol or what is the name of this very place in Moscow from Where is Sokolova from Sokolova from Moscow Oskolkova Oskol Yes Oskolkovo in my opinion Oskolkovo Oskolkovo yes Yes no one has called him from there yet so maybe his phone number just wasn’t found Or maybe it’s just that he became a millionaire, it doesn’t say anything obvious for why he left Russia, why did he go to America? Well, many people go now, he left so much from Poland, and if not, why from Russia, from Great Russia, why did he leave and didn’t stay in Russia? it’s so bad to live No, why do people travel, come back again, now everyone goes somewhere like that and he didn’t come back And so he never came back to Russia No, I think that he will go to China because he needs even better Chinese Well understood Okay, and now the most important thing, look at the most important question of the 21st century. Why are you even talking about this topic? You’re not a young man, so one leg is already shorter. Yes, and you’ll tell something about some Andrei Ternovsky, why do you even know? Never say such words because why in the cemetery when TET can this happen Nobody knows, like, well, you seem to be able to already Yes, say such words Well, look, okay, let's do it, let's do it, how old are you, I remembered, wait, wait, I'll remember, wait, wait one he’s an Armenian, well, in such a good place, the director of the canteen was connected by rail, and his wife was blonde. So, 26 years younger, they tell him, Listen, then she’ll cheat on you, and you’re TT, well, these conversations are ending now what I wanted to tell him, he’s sitting and it’s like saying, he’s caring for his young wife, she’s having a stroke, so he’s forced to do everything Instead of her, and they told him that she’ll cheat there and all that because she’s that age, no one knows what and how and what Who and how will you understand Well, here in chat roulette, many woke up only some people talk, they slowly immediately leave because well, those who just swear, I give them the opportunity to completely relax, let's immediately Give less text whose Crimea whose Crimea Crimeans Crimea that's what kind of country is Crimea I mean, what kind of country is this republic In what country is Crimea located in Russia You see, they even earlier held a referendum But well, they said, I even hear in their voices that you're from, where are you from, what city am I from Soviet Union And what city do you remember we sang My address is not My address Soviet Union I liked this song Because Yes, but now it’s good What city are you in now I’m on the Volga right on the river on a ship Yes Tagliati Yes, I understand how much your pension is now in Russia it is not desirable to have, like Ternovsky, a million dollars, yes, but in fact, how much? In fact, now the pension should be Ukrainian, but there’s so much that’s better, so what Where should you get a Ukrainian pension from? Well, where from because you earned money in Ukraine and when you lived in Ukraine for 5 years, you take 5 years 5 years Well, you can take it in full or you can take 5 years, so I looked at What worked best for me when I worked for a Yugoslav company Wait, and you, you lived in Ukraine in what years, well, in different years Well approximately in different ways And what are you with the SBU or that you are like that I’m just interested in something else that is dying So many people you tell me not my grandfather Where did you get the Ukrainian from? During the Soviet Union you lived in Ukraine when Tell me Because you sort of got a shorter Ukrainian pension for yourself And also here you are driving to Ukraine, tell me No, it’s just a Ukrainian song This is a pension - This is ugh and no Yes, but for some reason you applied for it, refuse it, well, refused Of course, then they refused yes In what years did you work in Ukraine and this is what you will be ask there, well, that's why say so In the Soviet Union or after there's nothing to tell, this time is just taking away Okay, people bless grandfather to go Hello Hello, where is this my dog ​​from? It feels like a Monster got out there and ate her poses No, this is my dog ​​and so the Monster I'm from Samara I got it My father is from Samara, he’s from cool, I’m from Chisinau Moldova What do you know about our country m Yes, a little Well, for example, they seem to make good wines What kind of wines do you know I don’t know what’s good Well for example, but I hardly drink alcohol I realized what else do you know about Moldova Well, there's Transnistria nearby, there's some kind of conflict It's not nearby, it's in Moldova, elections are there now [music] I understand that the former prosecutor She seems to have won Well, not like, but it wasn't the former prosecutor who won, it's just that the pro-Russian candidate lost, but Maya won Sandu is current And I think she’s a prosecutor This, in my opinion, is a good type, an objectively good ruler Yes, everything that is not connected with Russia is already good with us, I think that’s how it is, I look, I got this from my Ukrainian friends from Zaporozhye, I’m talking here with Ukrainians he set up a VPN with the Russians, with the Ukrainians he spoke for 2 hours and I’m interested because I’m from Moldova, I see it in my own way, and people from Ukraine and Russia see it in their own way. Why do you think the war began between Russia and Ukraine? I believe that the war began already Well, how did it start when Donetsk began to separate? It’s not like I’m talking about this, but in the fourteenth year it began When Russia attacked Crimea, took and attacked Donetsk Lugansk Yes, but why did this war start What do you think, look firstly one of the reasons are not very divided in general, the problem of all empires is when they split and there are all sorts of imperial ambitions, there are independent countries that broke away from the empire and they have a conflict on this basis, this is like a base. It is not only connected with Russia, what kind of conflict did Ukraine have with Russia, the conflict began everything from Euromaidan and Ukraine didn’t want the Russian world Ukraine wanted Europe Russia didn’t like it and that’s the whole conflict That is, it turns out that Russia is to blame for this scheme Yes, I understand And why does Russia need this, that’s why the Russians need all this, the Russians don’t know, force Ukraine to be in the Russian world like yes, you know how I look at it, for example, there is a city, it has a district, and in this district there is, Well, this is not a prosperous district, there is a roof, it covers the store, this store did not want to cooperate with its roof, and they started to see a more promising roof and another roof, the old one didn’t like it and then a conflict occurred. Cool, but the scheme without a roof doesn’t work. I believe that in the worldview, I believe that there are either empires, or rather, there are empires and there are satellites. I’m not only talking about Russia now, I’m talking now I’m reading Turkey America China These are the empires that have such satellites if you cannot, it is very difficult in the current world to maintain independence, you are either with someone or with no one Denmark is independent, that Denmark is independent, I think that it is dependent on whom it depends. It is in the European Union is located Well, that’s correct And what Well, well, well, what about Britain, wait again Well, Denmark is in the European Union For example, Uh, how do citizens voluntarily unite in some kind of public organizations Yes, economic unions and countries That is, if Denmark and other countries voluntarily decided unite on some economic issues and so on, what is the problem? What is their dependence or that they are independent? This is their Will, they decided for their greater well-being Yes, so that it would be without the Schengen Well, there was a Schengen zone without borders, there was free movement of goods, what's the fun? then but it is dependent on the European Union What does it mean dependent on economic supply chains from trade agreements of course yes but this is its Look when let’s do it when I, as a person, enter into an Agreement with someone to provide him with services, for example a programmer, I become dependent Yes, then in general everyone is dependent on everyone, yes it’s true thetas don’t understand the question a little bit from the point of view of how ri dependence is not your agreements on contracts Yes it is your Will on a voluntary basis deciding Where you ran away like this everything is like how cool Russians always move out that everything is dependent there there from the post [ __ ] that you are pushing for independence - it is the sovereignty of your country to choose with your will to be in this bloc or in that bloc yes to be in the European Union or not to be in the European Union Yes to be in NATO or not to be in NATO to be with Russia or not to be this is independence Yes, you decide voluntarily, so the British themselves wanted to go to the European Union, they wanted to leave, this is independence when you decide Yes, and you, uh, negotiate with other countries about relationships, of course you have some agreements and you must fulfill them, but this does not mean that you do not that you are an addict, you choose this is your decision like this, write on th instag I don’t know why you are there for why you are there to marvel at the office Ale for you there is one two or three clicks and ti trimae me and I will say in me there Kupa folov and in mene bude klasny set up robiti but cool video write nay instag pok Andriy so Let me check for you